Tiger Woods Wins Tour Championship; First Tour Victory in 5 Years

Tiger Woods won the season-ending Tour Championship by two shots. The triumph was his 80th on the PGA Tour and first victory since August 2013.

Japan's PM Shinzo Abe Wins LDP Election

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was re-elected as the head of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party on Thursday, paving the way for his third term as the nation's leader.

Death Toll from Hokkaido Quake Climbs to 40

The death toll from a powerful earthquake and massive landslides in Hokkaido last week rose to 40 on Monday as search operations have ended, with about 2,700 people still staying in shelters.

Japan's Mini-robot to Be Tour Guide in Kyoto

A Japanese miniature humanoid robot called RoBoHon will accompany tourists in taxis in Kyoto to offer sightseeing guidance in Japanese, Chinese and English.

Alibaba's Chairman, Jack Ma to Set Down Next Year

Jack Ma, co-founder and the executive chairman of Chinese online shopping giant Alibaba, announced that he will step down in a year.

Noriko Sakai Indicted for Drug Possession

Japanese singer-actress Noriko Sakai was indicted for alleged possession of stimulant drugs on Friday amid a scandal that has shattered her wholesome and pristine image.

Edward Kennedy Dies at 77

U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy, a towering figure in the Democratic Party and the youngest brother of assassinated former President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert Kennedy, died on Tuesday at 77.

U.S. Open: Naomi Osaka Becomes Japan's First Grand Slam Singles Champion

Naomi Osaka claimed the U.S. Open trophy after beating Serena Williams at the final. Osaka became the first Japanese tennis player to win a Grand Slam singles title.

Apple Unveils Three New iPhone X Models

Apple unveiled on Wednesday three new iPhone X models including its largest smartphone ever which comes with a 6.5 inch display.

Kipchoge Smashes World Record in Berlin Marathon

Rio Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge smashed the marathon world record, winning the Berlin race in 2 hours, 1 minute, 39 seconds. The 33-year-old Kenyan broke the previous world record set by compatriot Dennis Kimetto in 2014 by 1 minute and 18 seconds.

Typhoon Mangkhut Batters Philippines and Southern China

Powerful Typhoon Mangkhut made landfall in southern China after killing more than 50 people in the Philippines.

ÅgBowlingual VoiceÅh Translates Dog's Thoughts into Human Speech

Takara Tomy will release the latest version of the ÅgBowlingual VoiceÅh translator, which, the Japanese toy company claims, can distinguish between six distinct emotions in dog barks and put them into human phrases.

Michael Jackson Dies from Lethal Dose of Anesthetic

Pop star Michael Jackson died from a lethal dose of the powerful anesthetic propofol given in a cocktail of at least two other drugs, coroner's office documents showed on Monday.

Jamaica's Bolt Scores Third Gold

Usain Bolt, who won the 100m and 200m titles with new marks, missed out on a third world record but still made a third gold medal at the World Championships in Berlin as the Jamaican team won the 4x100m relay.

SpaceX to Take Japanese Billionaire Yusaku Maezawa on First Trip Around the Moon

SpaceX announced Monday that Yusaku Maezawa, a Japanese billionaire and founder of Zozotown, Japan's largest online clothing retailer, will be the first passenger to go around the Moon.

M6.7 Quake Hits Hokkaido, Japan

At least nine people were killed and about 300 people were injured after a magnitude 6.7 earthquake caused massive landslides in Hokkaido, northern Japan, early Thursday.

US Senator John McCain dies aged 81

US senator John McCain, the Vietnam war hero turned Republican senator, also known as a conservative maverick, has died at the age of 81.

Japan's Democratic Party May Post Landslide Win

Japan's opposition Democratic Party is increasingly likely to score a landslide victory in the August 30th general election, knocking the ruling Liberal Democratic Party out of power, newspaper polls suggested

UK and French Fishing Boats Engage in ÅeScallop Wars'

British and French fishing boats clashed each other in the English Channel in what has become known as ÅgScallop WarsÅh.

Japan's Strongest Typhoon in 25 Years Kills Seven

Typhoon Jebi, most powerful one to hit Japan in 25 years, crashed into the western part of the main island on Tuesday, causing at least seven deaths and more than 200 injuries.

Brazil's National Museum Hit by Massive Fire

A massive fire hit the National Museum of Brazil in Rio de Janeiro on Sunday, and most of its 20 million artifacts may have been reduced to ashes.

US Open: Two Japanese, Kei Nishikori and Naomi Osaka Reach Round of 16

Two Japanese top tennis players showed brilliant performances on Day 6 of the US open. 20-year-old Naomi Osaka beat Aliaksandra Sasnovich 6-0, 6-0 to reach her first ever Round of 16 at the tournament. 2014 runner-up Kei Nishikori finished off Diego Schwartzman 6-4, 6-4, 5-7, 6-1, advancing to the fourth round as well.

40,000 Bees Swarmed Hot Dog Stand in NYC

More than 40,000 bees swarmed a hot dog stand near Times Square in New York City Tuesday afternoon before a police officer remove them with a vacuum cleaner.

Toyota to Invest $500m in Uber

Japanese carmaker Toyota announced it will invest $500 million in Uber and expand their partnership to jointly develop self-driving cars.

Japanese Manga Creator, Momoko Sakura, Dies at 53

Momoko Sakura, one of Japan's most-famous manga artist, who was best known for her manga and anime series ÅgChibi Maruko-chanÅh, died of breast cancer. She was 53.

Enzymes to Turn Blood into Type-O Found

Canadian researchers discovered enzymes from human gut bacteria that can transform any blood into type-O. Type-O blood can be transfused to anyone without the risk of a mismatch reaction.

New Zealand's ÅeFirst Baby' Makes UN Debut

New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, the second world leader who gave birth while in office, brought her three-month-old baby to a peace summit at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.

3rd Swine Flu Death in Japan

The Japanese government warned on Wednesday that a full-fledged pandemic of new influenza may have started as the third death in the nation was reported.

Apple to Probe iPhones and iPods ÅgExplosionÅh

Apple launched an investigation into malfunctioning iPhones and iPods, following media reports of certain products allegedly exploding or catching fire in Britain, France, Holland, and Sweden.

Bill Cosby Sentenced to Prison for Sexual Assault

US comedian Bill Cosby, who once was fondly called as ÅgAmerica's DadÅh, has been sentenced to prison for three to ten years for sexual assault.

Former South Korean President Kim Dae-Jung Dies

Former South Korean President Kim Dae-Jung, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000 for his ÅgSunshine PolicyÅh to seek rapprochement with North Korea, died at the age of 85 on Tuesday.

US, Japan to Begin New Trade Talks

U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed on Wednesday to start negotiation on a bilateral trade agreement on goods.

Will Smith Bungee Jumps from Helicopter for 50th Birthday

US actor Will Smith celebrated his 50th birthday by bungee jumping from a helicopter over the Grand Canyon while his family and friends watched.

South KoreaÅfs Yang Wins PGA Championship

37-year-old South Korean Yang Yong-Eun became the first Asian male to win a major championship when he overtook Tiger Woods to clinch the U.S. PGA title on Sunday.

PGA Championship; Ryo Ishikawa Makes the Cut 

17-year-old Ryo Ishikawa, the youngest player to compete in a PGA Championship, made his first cut at a major tournament on Friday, after missing the cut at the Masters in April and the British Open last month.

Typhoon Trami Hammers Japan

Four people were killed and more than 200 were injured after powerful typhoon Trami ripped through Japan over the weekend. The destructive storm caused widespread traffic disruption and left more than 750,000 homes without power across the country.

Major Earthquake Hits Central Japan

A large-scale earthquake with a magnitude of 6.5 rocked Shizuoka Prefecture in central Japan early Tuesday, injuring at least 100 people.

Chinese Bride Gets Married in 1.4 Mile-long Dress

A Chinese bride attempted to establish a new Guinness world record for the longest wedding dress, walking down the aisle in a gown with a 7,083 feet (2,162m) long train and 9,999 red silk roses, the Xinhua News Agency reported.

